docs(table): 完善表格组件的说明文档 (#586)
TuSimple/naive-ui: src/table/demos/enUS/index.demo-entry.md

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | bottom-bordered | `boolean` | `true` | The bottom border of the table, this parameter is invalid when `bordered = true`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| bottom-bordered | `boolean` | `true` | The bottom border of the table, this prop is invalid when `bordered` is `true`. |
```

> | bordered | `boolean` | `true` | Table border. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| bordered | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to show table border. |
```

> | single-column | `boolean` | `false` | Single column mode table. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| single-column | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to display as a column (when true, each column has border-right). |
```

> | single-line | `boolean` | `true` | Border of table column. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| single-line | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to display as a line (when true, each row has border-bottom). |
```
